At this point we have the UI for our timeline view or a dashboard view.
I'll build out here, but now you'll notice one thing that we can change is when we
refresh our app we don't get anything on the UI until all of our data is loaded.
So what we'll do in this video is we're going to
download a Redux specific loading bar that we can show up here,
so while our app is loading we can show that and then
the user will get all of this timeline once the data has finished loading.
So inside of your terminal what you can do is go ahead and run yarn add
react-redux-loading and then once that is finished,
go ahead and restart your application and head over
to your index.js file inside of your reducers.
So, what we want to have happen here is we want to stick
some information about the app's current loading state on the reducer store.
So what the package that we just barely downloaded allows us to
do is part of it is going to export
a loading bar reducer and what that will allow us to
do is add that reducer as part of the state inside of our Redux store.
So now if we were to look at the state of our store we have everything we had before,
but we also have this loading bar object right here too.
So with that, there are two other parts to it,
if we want to use this inside of
our application we also need a few different action creators that,
we can dispatch in order to change the loading bar state and we also
need a component we can render which is
responsible for showing the actual UI of the loading bar.
Well, what's nice about this react-redux-loading
package is it's going to provide us with both of those other things.
So inside of shared.js here,
what we want to do is we are going to import
two different action creators from our react-redux-loading package.
The first one is going to be called
showLoading and the second is going to be called hideLoading.
So what we want to do before we invoke our getInitialData function,
we want to dispatch showLoading,
so that will show the loading bar once we've set up that component,
and then once we have all of the information
back from getInitialData and we've updated our users,
our tweets and we've set the authenticated user then we want to dispatch hideLoading.
So, even though this is a package on npm,
it's an open source library,
we can still use their action creators that they give us in
order to properly update the state of our Redux store.
So now all we need to do is inside our app.js file,
let's import the components it gives us so we'll grab a loading bar,
notice it's going to be the default export,
and then now what we need to do is right here,
just render that loading bar inside of our render method.
So now if we look at our application,
notice now when it refreshes,
we get that loading bar up here and then
when all of our data is back we hide the loading bar.